TW-1473 manage your team split/additions/rewrites (#5374)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/administration/managing-your-team/team-settings.md

* Select **Groups** to manage your user groups and assign them roles.
* Select **Roles and permissions** to view a complete list of permissions for users' roles at a team, collection, workspace, API, mock server, and monitor level.

> See [Defining roles](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/) for more information about roles you can assign to team members. See [Manage team members](/docs/administration/managing-your-team/manage-team-members/) to learn how to manage roles and users within your Postman team. See [Managing user groups](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/user-groups/) for more information about managing groups and adding roles to the groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Define roles and permissions within a Postman team](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/) for more information about roles you can assign to team members. See [Manage team members](/docs/administration/managing-your-team/manage-team-members/) to learn how to manage roles and users within your Postman team. See [Organize users into Postman groups](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/user-groups/) for more information about managing groups and adding roles to the groups.
```
